hey babe babe oh I'm so tired I don't
want to get up neither can I
yeah but we gotta let's make our beds
now you make yours one step ahead a
sister let's go brush your teeth
toes now let's go get dressed
be right there
mommy laid out our clothes she's so nice
ooh la la
these are totally sheep I am so excited
to put on this outfit it's gonna make me
look a whole bunch cuter I'm gonna be so
cute oh this shirt is so comfortable but
it's so pretty and the skirt oh I don't
get into that about the skirt the skirt
is just so cute oh and my shoes my shoes
are so cute for a hair today let's just
do a simple up to like this okay give it
a twirl now it's your turn okay I'm
really excited to put this on you look
cute in it so I'll probably look cute in
it too oh you're right
this shirt is comfortable and the skirt
it's comfortable too and I really do
love the shoes
all the same thing for you and your as
you having your hair done
give it a twirl now our videos over see
you next time bye this has been